We respectfully address our
esteemed teacher
today. Together
with the students of the Youth Club, the
La Ho La Club (I respectfully
call them "students" because, as students, we
are all your students,
regardless of
age).
Thanks to your guidance and teachings, we have been able to access the teachings of the Buddha; thanks to your guidance, we have been able to
practice the Buddha's teachings; thanks to your guidance, we have been
able to truly appreciate our
parents, grandparents, and ancestors; thanks to our teachers
in this
world; and thanks to the contributions
of those who have been teachers in
this life and many lives before us.
Today, on the occasion of November 20th,
Vietnamese Teachers' Day, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to our
teacher, who
has helped
us to cultivate
noble virtues such as filial piety, gratitude, and
reciprocity,
and who has guided us to live virtuous lives.
Blessed are our lives,
we ask our
master to accept our feelings, and in
this life and many lives to come, we may also
rely on the Bodhisattva vows of our
master and continue on the path
that the great teacher of heaven and earth, Buddha
Shakyamuni, has taught us and all sentient beings. We respectfully express our
gratitude to our master. [
Music]
[Music]
Master,
in the pages of
life, there are still so many sad stories. You
have known so much suffering for parents,
for
others, for friends. You have also offered up
sad stories because of the
anger and resentment. Master, in the pages of
life, the stories have been
told, and you have also known stories about the
meaning of life. We
love you,
Master,
you taught us the truth of
life, you told us stories about the light of the Buddha's wisdom. You have written the pages of
life, the
wonderful words
you have written, the
stories of compassion you have taught us. I follow in your footsteps, Master. You have
made my life beautiful, I respectfully thank you,
Master. I am following in your
footsteps.  The
Tathagata respectfully teaches the one who inherits the great ideal, replacing the venerable one who
propagates the Dharma, adapting to circumstances, transforming and guiding
without seeking, becoming a model teacher, the head of all beings. Teacher,
in the pages of the book
of life, I have learned about sad stories, I have learned about the many sufferings for my parents, for my relatives, for my friends. I have written sad stories because of anger and resentment. And teacher, in the pages of
life, the stories have changed. I have
learned about stories of
gratitude, about etiquette, about living a noble life.
Teacher, you taught me the truth of life, you
gave me the light of
wisdom. The
Tathagata, you have learned to forget the past, built my life with
wonderful words.
You have sworn not to appear in
my life, the stories of the
Buddha. [Music] I, I, respectfully acknowledge the Buddha, the great Westerner. I respectfully acknowledge the
teacher, the village of Beautiful
Life. I respectfully acknowledge the
teacher, the guide, following in his
footsteps.
[Music]
We respectfully express our gratitude to our master, we respectfully express our gratitude to our master, the
one who makes
our lives beautiful.
[Music]
[Applause]
Yeah!
[music]